AKFQuiz for Windows

Partial port of the GNU/Linux program-package AKFQuiz.

PLEASE UNINSTALL OLDER VERSIONS OF AKFQUIZ BEFORE YOU INSTALL
A NEW VERSION!


DESCRIPTION

The package AKFQuiz lets you easily make your own quiz games, 
learning exercises or psychotests. These can be used with grquiz in 
a graphical environment or with scrquiz on the text-console. There 
is also a line oriented variant, linequiz, which can be used as a 
backend.

A CGI-variant, cgiquiz, can be installed on a Web server to 
offer exercises via Internet or a local network (not included).

Or you can use mkquiz, which generates an HTML-file for to use with 
JavaScript. Those can then be published using any deliberate web-space 
provider.


If you like free software, please also think about changing to a free 
operating system. This program package is also available for GNU/Linux. 
Because of the availability of the source code, it is also easy to port 
it to other operating systems. That is just one of the advantages of 
free software.

More about free software: 
http://www.fsf.org/philosophy/

Contact in Europe:
http://www.fsfeurope.org/


other hints:

If you want to print out a quiz-form, please do it using your web-
browser. There is special code in the HTML-file that suppresses the 
buttons and stuff from being printed out.

A detailed description about how AKFQuiz-files are built up can be 
found in the start-menu under programs/AKFQuiz/Documentation.

The example-files are very self-explaining, but they don't show each 
and every possibility offered by the programs.


quizstat:

quizstat shows some simple statistics about quizfiles. It is not
really  needed. If you want to use quizstat anyway, you need a nawk
(new awk) interpreter like mawk or gawk. A nawk interpreter is included
in Posix compatiblity environments like MSYS or Cygwin.

You can get a standalone awk there:
http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/packages/mawk.htm


The most actual version of AKFQuiz can be found on the Internet:
http://akfquiz.nongnu.org/

For the installer for Windows I use Inno Setup by Jordan Russell
http://innosetup.com

